Syntax lookup: Open (#315)
rescript-association/rescript-lang.org: misc_docs/syntax/language_open.mdx

---
id: "open"
keywords: ["open", "module"]
name: "open"
summary: "This is the `open` keyword."
category: "languageconstructs"
---

> `open` is used to "open" a module so  we can refer to the module's contents without needing to prepending the module's name.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`open` is used to expose all values, types, modules, etc of a module in the current scope. This is useful whenever you want to use a module's functionality without typing out the module name over and over again.
```

> In some cases, `open` will cause a warning due to existing identifiers and types being redefined by the opened module. In these cases, we can use `open!` instead which will suppress the warnings. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In some cases, `open` will cause a "shadow warning" due to existing identifiers and types being redefined by an `open`ed module. You can explicitly ignore that warning by using an `open!` statement instead.
```
